See, what's happening is, what I want to do is, generate autoscope. One option, manually, I need to key in everything. Other is through prompt, which can be a ChatGPT prompt. I'm happy to do that because when I give in the natural language, your development work better than ChatGPT. So, in the prompt section, if I key in the ChatGPT API, it's gonna, I'm gonna tell everything, and I'm gonna tell, it's gonna gather the exact values you needed to generate the horoscope. And once I enter it, it's gonna show the same horoscope everything. When I click on save, it needs to go, it needs to save somewhere internally, and when I go to browse horoscope, select the particular year, that needs to be listed. Okay, and also, what I'm going to do is, I'm going to create a custom GPT, and link that custom GPT to this web app. So, custom GPT, I need to have the API, or whatever needs to do that. So, ChatGPT, custom GPT will send few attributes, which will hit the engine, and with that attribute, it's going to generate the horoscope. Or, save it in the database, like, select the year, it's gonna have that horoscope, and when I click on view, it's gonna show me. So, ChatGPT is my first level of communication, put the data, push the data to the web app, and web app receives the required things, like date of birth, place of birth, year of birth, and time of birth, and the name, and it's gonna run it in the engine, and it's gonna put it under the browse horoscope session, according to the particular year. And when I click on the particular year, I should see the profile there, like, Selvapriyan, Selvapriyan, date of birth, date of birth, place of birth, and birth time, and there should be option view horoscope. When I click it, it should open everything. And same thing, when I click on generate horoscope, it needs to ask everything, and I fill, it's gonna generate. So, in the generate horoscope, there should be a a prompt, kind of thing, which is natural language, it should understand everything. If it is Pudukottai, it should know it's Pudukottai Tamilnadu, and the date of birth format can be anything, that should be a logic. So, if it is 20, 25, 11, 25 can't be the month, so it should be the date. The next one should be the thing. So, that's how it has to fetch the required things, like, for example, when I input something, it should take the required values to put it in the properties. In the manual horoscope, we have a place, date of birth, everything, right, time of birth, everything. When I give it in the natural language, when I say 3.17 a.m., it should detect that's a time, and it should put it in the, it shouldn't put it in the manual entry, it should straight away, when I click, it should straight away list the horoscope, and it should have option to save, and it should go to the browser. Sorry, browse horoscope session, got it?